It's for them.
Well, just don't be afraid of getting your hands dirty and work.
The word work is, I know some people don't like to hear that word, but I think it's a good word.
It takes work in every field, doesn't it, no matter what you're in.
All right.
If you could make a major gift to Texas A&M, let's make believe somebody walked up to you and gave you a check for a million dollars.
Yeah.
and the only requirement was you had to pass it on to A&M, for what purpose would you want a major gift used?
What would you want A&M to do with it?
Well, I would say divide it up.
I wouldn't just put it all in the Veterinary Ministry.
For what purposes?
Well, for scholarships and whatever they needed at worst.
I might mention that my second cousin, and by the way, this is kind of a long story, but when I was 10 years old, I grew up hunting.
My dad was a great hunter.
By the time I was 10, I was an experienced duck hunter, so my dad couldn't get away from the lab one year when this, his first cousin, my second cousin, who was, well, he'd been eight, nine years old, he was a young man, came down to Amarillo, and
He wanted to go duck hunting, and so Dad sent me with him at 10 years of age.
Of course, he could drive, so we drove out on a pretty day.
It wasn't much of a duck hunting day, but just to get out and all.
But Dad had enough confidence in me at 10 years old that I could go with him and show him where he'd go along.
But anyhow, this same man just a year or two ago died at 90-something years old.
He gave the Oklahoma State...
Of course, he started out as a bank teller in Oklahoma.
He gave them a million dollar gift, the business college.
So I had the privilege of taking him duck.
To what people from your years here, to what people do you feel the deepest gratitude?
Your former students or teachers?
Whom do you tell me you're most grateful?
Well, the former students in those days when I was here,
uh it was a dollar a year i think in those days no no i mean which individuals oh individuals
I would say my teachers in the veterinary school.
Which ones?
Well, Dr. Dunn, Dr. Milleth, Leonard, Dr. Leonard.
Those all, I think, had a great effect on me.
And then Dr. Doak over in biology.
I remember him.
And, you know, old Count Cigari, if he was... Of course, I didn't know him very well, but I sure remember.
when somebody, Mr. Cigar, if the book didn't say that, throw the book out the window.
That's what his favorite statement is.
All right, I'm near the end of it.
What have we not covered?
What of our omissions?
Is there anything we've left out we should have?
Well, um,
Well, my father and mother came here in 37 to see me, and Dr. Marsteller had us over at his home on the thing for lunch with his wife, and then at another time, Dr. Hagen.
See, my father never wanted a lot of publicity, and he didn't get it, but, which I'll give you his book, copy of his book, but Dr. Hagen was dean of Carnell.
He came here, down here one year.
I don't think he just came to, he was on a committee to see, I think, to see
about A&M's veterinary school what they might need and so on and so anyhow his father was Dr. Hagan who was dean of veterinary school at Cornell for some years came here and but anyhow his father came from Kansas down and was foreman at my father's plant in Amarillo and
And then he was just my own real grandfather.
My father's father died when he was only nine in Chicago, but my mother's father was my grandfather, but I only saw him occasionally in Kansas where Mr. Hagan was more or less a day-to-day grandfather up there in Amarillo.
He was my father's foreman, but his son was the one that was dean.
And so my father and the Hagans were acquainted back in Kansas.
So I don't know.
It seemed like we were pretty well covered.
Let's see.
I forgot to ask.
Did you ever go into the steam tunnels?
No, I remember, but I never... Did some of the guys go in down in the steam tunnels?
I think they did, but I have no personal knowledge of what... Did you ever hear anything about the secret fraternities?
No, never did.
I don't know if they had them when I was here.
I don't know either.
I think they were, but I know.
If they were, they were very secret.
All right, then my last question is, what feelings do you hold in your heart for Texas A&M today?
Oh, I think very much a pride that I'm an Aggie.
And I didn't resent, of course, the coeducational part because I have daughters.
In fact, I have a brother that's an Aggie.
There were six of us brothers and four of us
are living and one brother that passed away went to Kansas State and the other brother was went to Arkansas but then two brothers went to the University of Texas and two of us from A&M and then I have let's see this daughter that was here the oldest daughter Mary Ann she met she was here a summer but then my daughter Judy whom you haven't met I guess that had was in one of your classes in history Judy
She finished the first, she was the first woman to graduate in journalism here in 68, and she was an Aggie, and then the other daughter, Betty, got a, I believe she got two degrees.
She's with the Extension Service.
Betty, well, she, Harrelson's her married name.
And she's an A&M, so there's at least four of the family that's Aggies.
And tell that daughter that was in my class, that was among the first in journalism, tell her to call me at her convenience.
I'd like to interview her about what it was like to be a co-ed in those years.
Okay.
Yeah, I'll tell you something.
I don't want to take her glory away, but she got to be a good friend of...
who was director of MSC?
Wayne Stark.
She got to be a good friend of him, and so one time she asked him what she could do when they were cutting trees out here in the woods, and he said, well, you could take them donuts and coffee.
So she was one of the, if not the original one, one of the original donut dollages, as they used to call them.
So, yeah, she'd like to meet you, and I know.
And your office is here in the Evans Library.
Yes, sir.
All right, I don't have anything else.
Let's quit there.
Well, all right, let me get you a copy of that.